ableton-live-git-hooks-docs/pages/Dev.md, before:

alias:: [[Development]], [[Developing alhook]]

- # Docs for how to develop `ableton-live-git-hooks` and [[alhook]]
	- ## [[Dev/Python]]
		- This project uses [[Python/Library/uv]] to manage dependencies, in conjunction with [[mise]]. `mise` manages installation of `uv` and management of the [[Python/Virtual Environment]] with `uv`.
		- To work on or develop this project, you'll likely want to install `mise` to make use of [[PROJECT_ROOT/.mise.toml]] for executing the project's [[mise Tasks]]. See also [[mise/Python/How To/Use mise to set up a virtualenv with uv]] for more info on the general idea.
	- ## [[Dev/Installation]]
		- ### 1 - follow [[mise/How To/Install Mise/The First Time]]
			- Install mise and ensure it is activated
		- ### 2 - use mise to install project tools and dependencies
			- Run `mise install` to install [[uv]] and create a [[Python/Virtual Environment]] with it
			- Run `mise run install-deps-all` to install the [[Python Libraries]].
	- ## [[Dev/Testing]]
		- ### `mise run test`
			- This will run all tests. See [[Dev/Testing]] for details.
	- ## [[Dev/Formatting]]
		-

Commit message:

docs(commit-messages): add commit message guidelines page
- Create Dev___Commit_Messages.md with commit message guidelines

- Include the commit message guidelines page in the Dev.md outline

- Update conventional-commits.mdc to link to the new docs page

- Update AGENTS.md AI instructions to reference the conventional-commits rule link

ableton-live-git-hooks-docs/pages/Dev.md, after:

alias:: [[Development]], [[Developing alhook]]

- # Docs for how to develop `ableton-live-git-hooks` and [[alhook]]
	- ## [[Dev/Python]]
		- This project uses [[Python/Library/uv]] to manage dependencies, in conjunction with [[mise]]. `mise` manages installation of `uv` and management of the [[Python/Virtual Environment]] with `uv`.
		- To work on or develop this project, you'll likely want to install `mise` to make use of [[PROJECT_ROOT/.mise.toml]] for executing the project's [[mise Tasks]]. See also [[mise/Python/How To/Use mise to set up a virtualenv with uv]] for more info on the general idea.
	- ## [[Dev/Installation]]
		- ### 1 - follow [[mise/How To/Install Mise/The First Time]]
			- Install mise and ensure it is activated
		- ### 2 - use mise to install project tools and dependencies
			- Run `mise install` to install [[uv]] and create a [[Python/Virtual Environment]] with it
			- Run `mise run install-deps-all` to install the [[Python Libraries]].
	- ## [[Dev/Testing]]
		- ### `mise run test`
			- This will run all tests. See [[Dev/Testing]] for details.
		- ## [[Dev/Formatting]]
			- This page contains basic details about how to format the codebase.
		- ## [[Dev/Commit Messages]]
			- This page contains instructions for commit messages.
		-
